unittest hooking (#77)
Qix-/better-exceptions: README.md

While using `better_exceptions` in production, do not forget to unset the `BETTER_EXCEPTIONS` variable to avoid leaking sensitive data in your logs.

### Use with unittest

If you want to use `better_exceptions` to format `unittest`'s exception output, you can use the monkey patch below:

```python
import unittest
import better_exceptions

def patch(self, err, test):
    return better_exceptions.format_exception(*err)

unittest.result.TestResult._exc_info_to_string = patch
```

> Although it uses an undocumented method, it seems to work well on all major python versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this uses an undocumented method override, so it is **not** guaranteed to work on all platforms or versions of Python.
```
